The Jerusalem channel is made possible by viewer support
Thanks for watching.
How do we learn to recognize when God is speaking to us?
On the morning of the resurrection,
Mary Magdalene didn't recognize Jesus.
And she thought he was merely the gardener.
Because the Bible says his grave was located
In a garden.
But the moment Jesus spoke to her, Mary instantly recognized his voice.
And it was a transforming moment in her life.
Because Jesus had been raised from the dead.
And he would call her.
To announce to his disciples
that Jesus is alive.
And today I want to share with you how you can better hear and discern that still small voice of God in your heart.
In your life.
Hello, I'm Christine Dard and welcome to Exploits, where we remind you
That the people who know god
We'll be strong and carry out exploits.
The works
of the Lord.
Jesus said in the Gospel in John 10:27,
My shape, hear my voice.
And I know them and they follow me.
In today's teaching, I want to observe that we learn to hear God's voice
Basically four different ways.
First of all, by reading his word on a daily basis,
That way we always hear his thoughts and everything that he's recorded for us to know.
Secondly, we learn to know his voice through familiarity.
By walking with the Lord day by day.
Thirdly,
God speaks to us through godly counsel.
And fourthly, he speaks to us through our own thoughts and impressions that he gives us.
Have you learned to discern the Lord's voice?
The Lord said of his word in no uncertain terms that we are supposed to know his voice.
For example, when my husband calls me on the telephone, he doesn't have to identify himself.
Because I know his voice through familiarity.
He's not a stranger to me.
But do you know your Lord's voice?
He's constantly guiding us and always speaking to us, but
Are we listening?
He's always broadcasting, but are we picking up?
His signals.
As disciples of the Lord, we don't have to stumble in the dark.
We should be persuaded that we're following his divine will
And not just the imaginations of our own hearts.
A great Bible promise is found in Isaiah.
1 Corinthians chapter 30 and verse 21.
Where it says your ears you'll hear a word behind you
Saying this is the way walking in it is
When you turn to the right
Or when you turn to the left.
The direction of the voice from behind is commonly explained.
by Bible commentators.
As the practice of shepherds going behind their flocks,
Are nurses walking behind their patients to observe their emotions?
Usually, of course, a guy goes in front of us.
But if we get off track, our backs are turned and consequently the warning voice would be heard from behind.
Whichever way you interpret it,
Isaiah 30:21 promises that
The voice of the Lord will be a faithful guide and monitor.
Well, what does God's voice actually sound like?
According to rabbinic tradition,
God's voice is called a bat-coal in Hebrew, which literally means daughter of a voice.
The implication is that God's voice is most often a soft voice.
This rabbinic phrase, "bat called,"
could also refer to the faint whispers of the Holy Spirit.
Actually, in the Bible, God's voice has a very wide range of sound.
At one end of the scale
In 1 Kings 19,
The prophet Elijah recognized God by a still small voice.
But,
At Mount Sinai, God's voice was frightening.
It boomed like a trumpet in thunder.
In the Gospels, a voice from heaven occurs three times.
when God spoke.
At the baptism of Jesus?
At the transfiguration of Jesus,
and also the night before the Lord's Passion.
And the Lord himself spoke dramatically to the Apostle Paul
after he was raised from the dead on the Damascus road.
The Lord confronted him in a vision by saying, "Saul, Saul!"
Why are you persecuting me?
You see, sometimes God audibly calls his servants by name.
The prophet Samuel, when he was just a child,
Heard God calling him by name in the night.
and the great Scottish-American preacher, Peter Marshall,
In the 20th century, it was
walking through a bog at night in Scotland and he heard God calling him by name.
To alert him of
Impending danger.
Generally speaking, Jesus has instructed us that we're simply to be like sheep.
Through familiarity and intimacy,
Sheep learned to know the voice of their shepherd.
And so we should know the voice of
Our Good Shepherd, Jesus the Messiah.
And Jesus said in John chapter 10 that his sheep hear his voice and follow him because we know his voice and we won't follow the voice of God.
Always.
Of a stranger.
Those who are not his sheep won't heed his voice. They'll be false sheep.
Enter Lopers in his flock,
Who one day will be cast out.
You see, Jesus warned of the future day when his sheep will be separated from the doomed disobedient.
referred to in the New Testament as goats.
Well, what side will you be on? Will you be with the sheep in that day?
Or hopefully you won't be a goat.
The Good Shepherd is faithful to lead us.
The famous Psalm 23 in verse 3 declares,
He leads me in paths of righteousness for his name's sake.
And so one of the true marks of a disciple
Is that we'll be a genuine sheep with the ability to recognize the shepherd's voice and to follow him.
This is an important proof of discipleship.
of course
It would be nice and convenient always to hear an audible voice, but that's not the Lord's usual way.
You see, He wants our spirits to become attuned to His voice, not just our physical ears.
Most of the time, the Lord uses a still small voice inside of us to guide us.
Or to let us know when we're not on the right path.
Some people call it the voice of peace.
You see, if you don't feel peace about something, definitely don't do it.
A great spiritual guideline is found in the New Testament in
Colossians chapter 3 and verse 15, which says,
Let the peace of God rule.
Be an umpire in your hearts.
Many times, God will use people to try to get through to us.
It might be a word in a sermon or
"Something a friend says to us."
God can even speak to us through an unbeliever.
And sometimes the Lord leads us.
Through circumstances but
Godly counsel is a very practical way that God speaks to us often.
Proverbs 11:14 declares where there's no counsel.
The people fall.
But in the multitude of counselors there's safety.
We can receive godly counsel in the form of an exhortation,
Or a personal prophecy?
Such as a word of knowledge?
Or a word of wisdom given by a seasoned
Believer, which were not supposed to despise.
But most of all, I've discovered over the years that my walk with the Lord,
That one of the most constant ways that he communicates with our spirits
Is through our thought patterns.
and our impressions from God.
Let me explain it this way.
The Lord will impress your spirit to do something and...
So you're able to say to your family and friends,
I believe that the Lord is leading me to do such and such.
Are to speak with somebody.
Therefore, if we're not careful,
We could just assume that it's our own thoughts and then we could dismiss them and we might miss the leading of the Lord.
So I've learned to pay attention to my thoughts and to recurring impressions.
A number of years ago, when the Lord wanted us to plant our ministry center in the
Garden of gethsemane in jerusalem
In my mind's eye, I kept seeing a picture of a church.
Just outside of St. Stephen's Gate,
and also not far from Jerusalem's Golden Gate.
All in the neighborhood of the Garden of Gethsemane.
Well, I kept thinking about that location off and on, and sometimes a picture of...
St. Stephen's Church in Gethsemane would just pop into my mind out of the blue.
We need to pay attention to things like that.
Some people call it daydreaming.
And when you're a believer, daydreaming can be a form of God speaking to us.
You see, I've thought of that area so many times that it dawned on me that the Lord was leading me to check out that area.
And sure enough,
We found a villa to rent.
Behind the church, and not far from the Golden Gate.
And it became our ministry center for a couple of
Strategic years.
In fact, when seeking the Lord,
About various things.
Psalm 37 in verse 4 has always been very helpful to me.
It's one of my favorite verses.
It says, "Delight yourself also in the Lord, and He..."
Will give you the desires of your heart
Now that verse
Does it mean that the Lord will give you whatever you want?
It means that when you're seeking the Lord, He will put His...
His desires and his thoughts into your heart into your mind
He will make your thoughts conform with his desires.
isn't that exciting?
If my spirit has been regenerated and born again, then I can begin to trust the thoughts.
And impressions that come
From the Holy Spirit dwelling within my spirit.
Anne.
If I have a drag,
or my heart to do something. If I have to drag my heart to go somewhere, then I've learned that God is most likely
Giving me the impression not to get involved.
It's like he puts the brakes on a situation.
And that kind of guidance, that kind of speaking to us saves so much
Time and wasted efforts.
The peace of God.
It's the voice of peace.
That,
It leads us.
So, to review, God's voice should become...
Recognizable to us as we learn his ways.
And his voice has a big range.
It can range from a still soft
Whisper to a loud audible command
Let's listen for his voice every day and most of all,
For the loud shout of the archangel and the trumpet of God.
When Jesus will soon return to summon his bride.
I do believe the second coming will happen very soon and
Are you watching for that and are you listening for it?
Well, you could help spiritually to prepare yourself for the
Turbulent last days ahead of us,
By watching our teaching videos anytime.
at our website at exploits.tv.
Where you can also click online to receive our free
Ministry Magazine,
So, thank you for spending this time with me.
And until next time, I'm Christine Darg.
Contending for the faith.
Encouraging you
to pray.
for the peace of Jerusalem.
Shalom.
Since we started the Jerusalem Channel less than two years ago,
The word has certainly spread far and wide.
Acts 1-8 is our ministry mandate.
First in Jerusalem, then to Judea and Samaria.
And on to the ends of the earth.
over the internet we have a global audience that wants to know the word of god and to better understand in time events
As you can see from this analysis,
People from many nations are joining us for these exploits programs.
But each time someone views the channel,
The video streaming costs
A real expense
It's much cheaper than satellite TV, but we still need to produce
And stream these broadcasts.
That's why I would urge you to help us.
You can call us in the United States at our toll-free number at
Two four five
Two, six, nine, two.
or in the United Kingdom and our national number
0843 0843
557-848-676
With a credit or debit card, you can also click the "Donate" button on our website.
Thank you for being a part of the Jerusalem Channel's mandate.
As Daniel 11:32 proclaims,
Those who know God will be strong.
And do exploits.
Please keep us.
and Exports TV, the Jerusalem channel, in your prayers.
so that we can reach the world through the internet
And by YouTube.
Roku
Google tv.